# projectadvices
Seeking advices : Sometimes you feel low, disappointed or sad. Everyone can go through a rough patch in their life at some point in life. At that time, you need someone to talk to. Someone who understands you, connects with you. At the same time it's not so easy to come out and say how you're feeling, to accept that you are depressed. This platform is for you to express, write how you feel. Come up and ask whatever you want to. Ask for advice from people all around the world. Maybe you will find an advice that makes you feel better, happy. You don't need to worry about your privacy because here, you can seek for an advice anonymously.

Giving advices : Some of you have the capability to make others feel good, to motivate and help them to cope with bad times. Sign up for a platform where you can help such people. People who need your help. Give them appropriate advices. You can be anyone, a professional psychiatrist, a doctor, a man, a woman, a counsellor. The aim is to help people who really need you.

Stories : Imagine this scenario, you are frustrated, in a bad mood or had a very rough day. You try to get your mind off the problems you are facing but can't. Everything seems to go wrong. You feel helpless. Then you come across an article or a story or a writeup in some book or on a website. This story makes you feel good, you connect with it. You feel better, seeing that you are not the only one suffering. You get motivated by this story which tells you how others are solving their problems.This is the platform where you can do that. Read people's stories, experiences, learnings. Also, share your own stories. Share incidents which matter a lot in your life. Share whatever you want. Your stories can help others just as their stories can help you!
